come on began to do some worker get out
of here we don't need Jokers screw you
baby when they look into your eyes it
means something I see little Romans I
see what the Mallory's I see stars I see
angels in my homeland we have a saying
Jesus Rahman you fucking idiot ah how
can I take you seriously very difficult
idea haha Mallory this is my cousin I
tell you about nico nico Lisa's Mallory
the beautiful girl i tell you Betsy not
everything I tell you is bullshit even
most of it was hey I hope you less full
of shit than your cousin over ya thang
this is the woman that I'm going to
marry whatever you say we're going to
marry me babe hey great yes you're
fucking crazy man you should lose a few
pounds other way this beautiful ladies
good to me I know I'm a fat prick what
did I do hey you dance oh well will
demand on this book of this no we didn't
speak you Spock then you say your phone
out of batteries you treat me like a
bitch never treat you like an idiot not
a bitch yeah I guess it's true the
beautiful woman to like the guys with a
funny sense of humor haha I'm laughing
I'll get you the money I know in the
Roman till this fucking yokel here if he
doesn't stop staring at me I'll have
your set John up and put a film of a
thunder internet house ah oh good great
yeah fantastic let's say what you like
but at least that guy knows how to speak
to a lady yes he's all charm come on
Nico let's go darling I'll see you later
I've got to take my cousin around some
more get him saddled wake up you're
driving us to a hardware store and deal
doing some home improvements wrong
you're going to build this mansion you
tell me about the whole funny guy we're
going to get money in America you need
money to do anything you're taking me to
a back room game where are we know the
dollars we need to really see this town
nightclubs women titties
you can play right the seed over Oahu
agree I am the best I can call the
assistants way me they call me the
janitor because you can't pay your debts
and they make you mama flore Navy robot
no honey no I'm the janitor because I
always clean up nikka wait for me here
will I go inside to clean up shit I
almost forgot I'm giving you my old
phone my new number is in there call me
if some Albanian show up in some shitty
brace will it those are the guys I your
money to do not hurt them I know what
you're like niko bellic you and your
dad's Roman wove a keystone Ikaruga GA
it's all quiet out here Roman you
winning Melinda red cedar don't worry
I'm getting so many bullets it's like
I'm an egg k miss Magoo
gossen two guys are going in the store I
think there are the loan sharks you
speak up hey I'm down you better get out
of there all right all right I'm coming
shit niko it's him they must have been
told I was here you cannot run from us
forever miss Drummond remember do not
Hartley love sharks the deadwood
trustees race get us back to the depot
quick
you think they saw me of course they saw
you I mean you're a distinctive man
Roman this were the ladies love me
fucked off Shylock's they'll get their
money they just have to wait we should
stand out to them you need the airport
Nico you're new you don't understand the
way things work oh yeah we are at the
bottom of the ladder man these stubs
push us around but they are not to be
feared it is a Russian mobsters lads
bosses that run everything be careful of
them we're here huh you like your phone
hey baby one day you get the premium
quality won't look by then you will have
really made it I can only wish see you
later cousin